for eight years
Steve Lynch has been operating his dairy
contracting business around comeback in
south western Victoria while also
servicing some cropping farms further to
the north
Steve's 330 horsepower vent 933 Vario is
an integral part of his contracting
operations I've started off just
small-scale just growing liquid
fertilizer and slowly grinders as a need
to come have come up to do other other
jobs expand it into a high-end silage
and then into a fYI both liquid and
solid spreading cultivation and sowing
so sort of got all the whole areas
covered
after deciding to replace a 220
horsepower tractor Steve opted for a
more powerful Fenton 933 Vario enabling
him to be better equipped and expand
what his use of larger implements with
the possibility of new applications for
his business in the future when you've
got the buyers square by Laurent that
it's all about say just plug straight
into the back of the tractor into the
plug in the back of the tractor and why
you got salt comes up straight on the
screen so you don't know the extra
monitor in the road while your violin
swap it back to change remotes or change
settings it's just they're very simple
to use very own guide improves the
efficiency of many of Steve's
applications and he's looking forward to
extending the use of vents Gardens
technologies across more tasks in the
future moment detractors set up with
full auto steer and the gardens were
running autonomous afraid to air the
signal at the moment which is accurate
now first spreading and spraying but
then for more more precise deciding and
mowing and jobs it's all set up to run
either an RT k base station or omni star
subscription which so when the need
arises we can do so in the PHS
the flexibility reliability an advanced
technology of the Fendt 930 Oh makes it
an ideal contractors tractor the
joystick controller he can change
functions from remotes to linkage to
whatever you need to so just make this
upright and the tractor very easy for
whatever task you're done on the day you
swap things around to just a suit what
you're doin to make it easy so the
tractors runs AdBlue for the pollution
it's not really an issue cost about
dollar an ER to run to but they blow in
but the fuel savings on the for the
spreading for example I'm using about 13
to 14 load as an ER the other brand
tractor I've got burn 220 horsepower was
up around that I don't at when he
lighters so what to save and he feel so
that was the cost of that blow by a long
shot
impressed with the performance and
company in 933 very own Steve recently
purchased a pen 800 series and further
enhance the scope and efficiency of his
contracting business
another big feature with the tractor is
a front suspension and the cab
suspension is very comfortable very
smooth and rough paddocks we do get some
fairly rough paddocks to operate in and
scout from farm to farm it's a 55
kilometers say we get from one place to
the next very quick and comfortable and
it's just a pleasure to operate you can
get out of at the end of the day and
still feel like you can you go and do
another job